Work on bookdown for siteSR and lakeSR (#30)
AquaSat/AquaMatch_lakeSR: bookdown/index.Rmd

The goal of these data products is to facilitate assessment and monitoring of waterbodies within the United States and Territories using both *in situ* and remote sensing data.

> AquaSat v2 builds upon AquaSat [@ross2019] (referred to here as "AquaSat v1") and LimnoSat-US [@limnosat]. AquaSat v1 focused on pairing remote sensing data with *in situ* observations and measurements while LimnoSat-US acquired remote sensing for all waterbodies greater than 10 hectares across the Continental United States (CONUS) regardless of whether *in situ* measurements were available for that waterbody. In AquaSat v2, we bring these products together. For instance, lakeSR can define Landsat inter-mission handoffs to enable use of Landsat as a timeseries product, siteSR products can be used to create parameter-specific algorithms, and those algorithms can be applied to lakeSR to create a timeseries of water quality for waterbodies in the US and territories.

Reviewer: question: The `bookdown/06-calculating_intermission_handoffs.Rmd` script uses "intermission" as opposed to "inter-mission". These should be the same, right?

Author: thank you for flagging! I'll change here

> AquaSat v2 builds upon AquaSat [@ross2019] (referred to here as "AquaSat v1") and LimnoSat-US [@limnosat]. AquaSat v1 focused on pairing remote sensing data with *in situ* observations and measurements while LimnoSat-US acquired remote sensing for all waterbodies greater than 10 hectares across the Continental United States (CONUS) regardless of whether *in situ* measurements were available for that waterbody. In AquaSat v2, we bring these products together. For instance, lakeSR can define Landsat inter-mission handoffs to enable use of Landsat as a timeseries product, siteSR products can be used to create parameter-specific algorithms, and those algorithms can be applied to lakeSR to create a timeseries of water quality for waterbodies in the US and territories.

Author: ```suggestion
AquaSat v2 builds upon AquaSat [@ross2019] (referred to here as "AquaSat v1") and LimnoSat-US [@limnosat]. AquaSat v1 focused on pairing remote sensing data with *in situ* observations and measurements while LimnoSat-US acquired remote sensing for all waterbodies greater than 10 hectares across the Continental United States (CONUS) regardless of whether *in situ* measurements were available for that waterbody. In AquaSat v2, we bring these products together. For instance, lakeSR can define Landsat intermission handoffs to enable use of Landsat as a timeseries product, siteSR products can be used to create parameter-specific algorithms, and those algorithms can be applied to lakeSR to create a timeseries of water quality for waterbodies in the US and territories.
```
